Update the Readme (#10)
mlachkar/scala-migrat3: README.md

# scala-migrat3

> it's a work-in progress tool to help migrating projects to Scala 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is a work-in progress tool to help migrating projects to Scala 3.
```

The goal is to provide a tool that will find the minimum set of types required explicitly to make dotty compiling a project without changing its meaning.

## Technical solution

> The solution consists of 3 independent steps that will be packaged in a long-running script The compile inputs that are needed to compile both with scala 2 and dotty, will be provided by a sbt-plugin that we will need to develop. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution consists of 3 independent steps that will be packaged in a long-running script.
The compile inputs that are needed to compile both with scala 2 and dotty, will be provided by a sbt-plugin that we will need to develop. 
```
